Status Update:
I added some test cases to the test script that exists already for kestrel codebase. I also double checked with my
project lead whether the test cases I wrote fit the script requirements as well as if my function appears to be written
correctly. Earlier on I was also compiling commits under my private repository for my progress thus far working on
Kestrel and pushing my changes on my local versions to the fork of Kestrel I have. I managed to get somewhat correct
output, and got some more guidance on testing and whatnot. Hopefully, I'll be able to submit a pull request by the end
of this week if I am able to figure out why I am getting an output for autocompletion that shouldn't be there. I also
need to add a function to parse the line for the variable it is referring to when requesting attributes (as well as a
no-output option when the variable cannot be found). More testing is needed as well as a few other code changes that I
need to make. Not sure why I am getting a certain output when testing, hopefully will get a better idea of why I'm
getting it w/ new debug lines I will be adding.

Comments:
I went through the existing test script to see which file it was pulling its variables from so I could add a line for
autocompletion for the existing variables in scope. Turns out it gets variables from 'network-traffic' instead of
'processes' like I've been working with so far in local testing. A little worried that might mess things up because of
differing values (theoretically it should be the same though... hopefully). Our project lead said my logic looks good,
but he couldn't verify if the results were written as should be expected or not either.

For the unexpected output I'm getting in testing, when I request autocompletion in line 17 of the Testing.hf file I
uploaded to this repository, I'm getting ['ew', and 'ame'] as the results. I should only be getting 'ame' since 'name'
is the only attribute value that fits the autocompletion request ('new' is not a valid attribute). I'm not sure why or
where it's pulling 'new' from. I checked the logic of the function and it's going through a lot of tokens that I don't
think it should be. Additionally, 'name' doesn't even show up in the output list in the debugging logs, which makes
absolutely no sense (how is it returning the value at all for autocompletion??).
