Status Update:
Assigning the Issues that we would start working on and general planning for what we would be doing for the rest 
of the year.


Comments:
For the first part of the week I was mostly getting more familiar with how Kestrel works and working with the 
BlackHat demo they have, which was harder to understand because it was more about actually building huntflows. I'm
still not as familiar with the actual cybersecurity-related concepts, so I was mostly just replicating what the
instructions where telling us to look at or do. I want to try working more on huntflow development, but I think
I wouldn't be able to make any meaningful contributions anytime soon, so I'll probably focus more on front-/back-
end implementation of the language and runtime in the meantime instead.

Since we have an external project lead, I realized we needed to submit the project plan still, so I wrote up it up
based on the documentation website and the presentation that Mr. Shu used during project pitches. I uploaded the 
project plan on here as a pdf later on (for the commit) and started taking a look at the issues that I wanted to 
work on. Apparently a lot of the issues aren't very well-documented (according to our Project Lead), so he
recommended that we start with the issues labelled with "Hacktoberfest" since they would have better documentation
than the other issues listed.

I had been looking at one of the issues "Create variable from other variable's attributes," but after taking a 
closer look at what they were asking for, I realized I wasn't nearly familiar enough with their code base yet to 
take it on. I ended up setting with the issue "Attribute auto-complete" during the discussion meeting we had with 
our Project Lead this week. I'm planning on taking a closer look at what they are asking for as well as the code
that they linked to in the issue description. It goes to the existing auto-complete function they have, so 
understanding how it works will probably be helpful for me before I start adding to its functionality.


Links:
BlackHat Demo
    https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/opencybersecurityalliance/black-hat-us-2022/HEAD?filepath=demo
"Create variable from other variable's attributes"
    https://github.com/opencybersecurityalliance/kestrel-lang/issues/155
"Attribute auto-complete" 
    https://github.com/opencybersecurityalliance/kestrel-lang/issues/79
